profiling: introduce self-managed beta for 8.12 (#3379)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-self-managed-troubleshooting.asciidoc

To do so, there's a `verbose` config entry in each YAML configuration file, which can be set to `true` to enable debug logging.
The same configuration option can be set through the CLI flags, as detailed in <<profiling-self-managed-ops-configuration-cli-overrides, Use CLI flags to override configuration file values">>.

When running the backend services in verbose mode, the logs will be helpful to troubleshoot issues.

IMPORTANT: debug logs may be creating an output that is unsuited for long-running production deployments.
The verbose mode should only be enabled on a single replica at a time, and only for a short period of time,
as it reduces performance and increases the CPU usage of the service.

When verbose mode is enabled, there will be fine-grained information logged about the operations of the service.
In case of collectors, the component responsible for ingesting data in Elasticsearch will be the most frequent.
For symbolizer most of the logs will be related to the processing of native frames, initially detected by the collector.

If you are troubleshooting startup issues for both services, logs are the most useful source of information.

> On startup, each service will log if it is able to parse configurations and to start serving the incoming requests.

Author: The gist is that troubleshooting startup operations of symbolizer with logs is the most effective way (second sentence).

Most of the logs (first sentence) are going to be related to processing of native frames, hence difficult to understand for many.

> On startup, each service will log if it is able to parse configurations and to start serving the incoming requests.

Reviewer: I think @bmorelli25  was referring to this sentence:

> On startup, each service will log if it is able to parse configurations and to start serving the incoming requests.

Does this, combining that sentence with the following sentence, still get the same message across?

```suggestion
On startup, each service generates logs indicating whether it was able or unable to parse configurations and begin processing incoming requests. 
Any startup errors will be logged using the `log.level=error` field.
Use these error logs to find misconfigurations or other issues that could prevent the service from starting.
```
